No, I think it's time for my apology. There is no way I'm apologizing to you
If things were the other way, would you be so quick to forgive me?
Chloe the truth is
Everyone here has seen you be a bully and a coward and now a
sore
This is so humiliating
How did she manage that? Maybe she really is a Lewis
Apologize to Miss Lewis
Shut up don't you dare talk about Miss Duke like that
Don't forget the Duke from the on half of Maplewood. You know what it is. Let's get out of here
hold on
This is where I belong and that is my chair
Can't go there. That is the VIP section
Only those invited by the Lewis Group vice presidents get to sit there
Like I said, Chloe
That's my seat
Had a room of floating around a few days ago seems
Miss Lewis caused quite a scene at a signing ceremony between her ex and mr. Shepherd
Wasn't it? Are you planning another outburst Laura? Is this how you charm all you men? Shall we?
My pleasure
What are you doing?
Let go. It doesn't matter what happened. I choose to stay but Laura sucked
Don't be absurd. That seat is reserved for a very important guest
Someone so esteemed even the vice presidents have to bow low
And
how
Exactly mr. Jones
Are you so sure that I'm
Not that esteemed guest
Wait, that's Peter Young. It's actually a business affairs. Let me screw it
That's Peter Young
It decides what she wants to know. It's Chloe Duke head of Duke Industries
So glad you could join us. Why is everyone standing around? It's her
She's making a huge scene trying to claim the VIP seats. It's embarrassing. That seats reserved for the Lewis Group VIP guest
Specifically the family air
Please get off the stage
Oh, yes
Mr. Young was it? I think I remember you you manage my family's investments
Don't pretend like you know what's going on
Please get off the stage
That seats reserved for the Lewis family air
I need to make one thing
Crystal clear
I am the heir of the Lewis family
This is ridiculous
You
The Lewis heir
Don't you know that Miss Lewis is a legend around here
You must be out of your mind trusting a complete stranger like this
Exactly
We ran a background check on her and turns out she's just some cleaner that used to work for the Harrison group
Before that I can see her in my family's supermarket
See Brian
This is who you've been chasing after a liar and a cheat
Security
Get this imposter out of here
And everyone here is a witness
Why would any of you trust Laura?
If any of you
Dares to harm her
You have to go through me first
Brian she's just a nobody
She's just someone that the Harrison group ditched
They didn't even want her
What exactly do you see in her?
A sculpt imposter out of here
Now
Oh Peter
Peter
Do you have any idea what you're doing?
He missed he hates
I'm so glad you could join us
Miss Lewis
Sorry about the delay
And for all the trouble you've had to put up with
It's
No
Trouble mystery eights
Luckily I haven't been alone
I've had the great company of my very loyal
friend
Wait a minute
She's Miss Lewis
Is this a joke?
Mr. Young
You're new to the Lewis group
So
I can understand why you wouldn't recognize Miss Lewis
But you listen to lies without checking the facts
And almost called the police
Tell me
Mr. Young
Who put you up to this?
Was it my uncle or the in-laws?
Knew it
Consider this your termination
I get it now
This is all an act
Right
Chloe what are you doing?
We still want to work with the Lewis family
Where with them?
Are you blind?
This woman is clearly having a fan with this old man
That's enough young lady
You've got no right to disrespect the head of the Lewis group
Chloe
I can't believe we're going through this again
I think you need some professional help
Maybe I could make you an appointment with a great psychiatrist
Chloe
That's not
It's ridiculous
If you were really the Lewis family heir
You would have the ring
So why don't you show it to everyone?
Show us the ring
Why don't you show that to everyone?
Who are you to make demands of me?
I don't answer to anyone but myself
I don't need any of your validation
Vice presidents
I'm Chloe Duke of the Duke family
This woman is an imposter
Miss Lewis
We apologize for the delay
And can't women sit there?
This seat was always from Miss Lewis
She's the special guest we've been waiting for
The investment queen
The real heir to Lewis group
Laura Lewis
She has a divorced host wife
A janitor
Where can she?
She can't be it
It's a lie I'm telling you
It's a lie
Do you think we'd lie?
We run Lewis group
Oh Chloe
You assaulted me earlier
And you came to this meeting to what?
Sabotage it
You'll be hearing from our legal team
Is this true Miss Dew?
Did you try and sabotage this meeting?
Yes, it's all true
She fooled us all
The Jews tricked us to keep Lewis group
out of maple words
and control everything themselves
I had no idea
But I'm on your side
I can give you everything you need
All the resources in maple words
Miss Lewis
How would you like us to deal with this?
An eye
For an eye
Since Miss Duke here
loves ruining things
I'll target her precious Duke industries
I want them bankrupt in 10 minutes
You're bluffing
You're nobody
You'll always be a nobody
And you can't touch me
Then consider this a test
Chloe
I didn't need my family support with Shepherd
and I certainly don't need it now
Chloe
You dug your own grave
You think you can destroy Maplewood's leading family
with just the Shepherd group?
Please
We'll see
Slow down
What are you talking about?
No
It's impossible
Chloe
What have you done?
Years of hard work
Just 40 minutes
Two
Well
Chloe
Isn't this what you wanted?
To give me a little taste of destruction
This is impossible
It's impossible
Chloe
What have you done?
The news is everywhere
Shepherd's launched a full scale of salt on the stock market
They're hammering our shares
Are you sure it's just sharp?
Yes
Shareholders are dumping our stock like it's a hot potato
We could go bankrupt
You've ruined everything
Don't worry Mr. Duke
When your company does go bankrupt
I'll buy it
At a fire sale price
Your employees won't even be affected
Brilliant
A master of the stock is lowest
Now
This is my event
Please leave
Right
I did this for us
Everything I did I did for us Brian
Chloe
You need help
It's feelings you have for me
It's not love
It's obsession
Enough
If you don't want to ruin everything completely
You'll come with me
Right now
Did they finally expose Laura's lies?
Shepherd Group
They're the new partner that's partnering up
with Lewis Group for Maplewood
handling all future construction projects
That can't be
What about us? That was our project
Harrison Group is practically out
We have no chance
We can't give up that easily
Remember
Ian Lewis himself appointed me as General Manager
In a few days he promised that he would let us meet with the new heir
If we can just meet with the new heir
We can bypass the shepherds
Meet with the Lewis Group
We just have to play their little game and
See who comes out on top
President's
Brian Shepherd
Mr. Shepherd
It's finally a pleasure to meet you
We've looked into your company's financial review
Very impressive
Thank you
Thank you but
A large part of that success
Is next to Ms. Lewis
She practically saved me from the disaster
Three times over now
Brian you can just call me more
Ms. Lewis' recommendations
Very telling, Mr. Shepherd
Perhaps today he clarifies everything
Mr. Shepherd
He's a woman like Laura
He's not easy to find
Thank you for your kind words, Mr. Vice President
I'm Ian Lewis
CEO and rightful heir of the Lewis Group
See you're Laura's uncle
In the flesh
So Laura really is your niece
Yes, little Laura
She just threw away her birthright
About two, three years ago
Ran off and married and nobody from Maplewood
I think he was a Harrison
Now Laura's got the VPs and Mr. Yates on her side
Did you hear she's throwing a banquet in a few days
To announce her official takeover?
And we can't let that happen
Can we my dear?
If you're Ian Lewis wouldn't you have the family ring?
Well my dear
That's where you come in
Ms. Duke
We need you to relinquish my ring
What if I, what if I fail?
My family is already ruined
Yes you are in a spot of bother I must say
But if successful I guarantee that you
and the Duke family will get back everything you've lost
Laura's got the VPs and Brian on her side
How can I possibly get the ring?
There is a way you know
that we can make Laura relinquish
and give up that ring willingly
Laura and my dear welcome
It's so good to see you
So good to see you
And you it's been
too long, two, three years perhaps
How have you been?
I've been well Uncle Ian
Thank you for asking
I see you, you've been busy keeping Lewis' group afloat
Yes, you've been busy
Indeed, somebody had to
I mean after you left me with everything to do
Without a safe pair of hands
I hate to think what had happened to the company
Actually Uncle Ian from what I've heard
Give us billions with some
questionable investment decisions
Yes, minor mistakes minor
Don't worry Uncle Ian
I won't hold it against you
Good
Well cheers to you coming back here
And the Lewis group
I'm so sorry Laura, how clumsy of me
No worries Uncle Ian
I'll just go to the restroom
and get cleaned up
Of course
Right away just down to the left
Use it wisely
Oh I will
Hey Laura, how's that?
Your little girlfriend is with me now
Boy, how in the hell did you get Laura's fault?
Let's just say that I have my ways
Listen, boy, don't hurt her
Please, I'll do anything
Come to the abandoned warehouse in the eastern suburbs
Now, don't tell anyone
If you want her alive
Well you certainly do have your ways
Oh thank goodness you've cleared up
I am sorry how clumsy
And don't forget your phone
I retrieved it for you
Thank you
Oh, I love you again
Love you to see you again
Yeah, I guess I'll see you the day after tomorrow at the banquet
At the banquet
I'll see you then
We'll do
Looking forward to it
Where are you?
Gotcha
I'm not expecting that way
You're your little boyfriend got turned
Laura, where are you Laura?
Laura, have you done?
You out of your mind?
Out of my mind
And destroyed my-
That's not true
You're the one messed up
This is insane
Us
You've gone crazy
And you're out of here
Chloe, happy?
It's a very serious offense
They're gonna lock you up for years
About jail time
Like how about his teary pieces serve him
This is about the ring
Are you up to this?
You know Chloe's been trying to kill me
That's foolish
Because who do you think is gonna win?
You
That will not
Or me
Something a little bit more personal
So
Don't move anyone
Don't move
You're about to be arrested for kidnapping
Miss Lewis
Having fun without me
I'm not hurt
Tell me Chloe
Who put you up to this, Chloe?
Why should I tell you?
You're gonna kill me anyway
Chloe, I don't have a problem with you
But if you don't talk
Your beloved Duke Industries
By running to some
Well I'm recording everything Miss Lewis
So the choice is yours Chloe
Talk
Or face the consequences
Fine
Who is Ian Lewis?
He said he'd help Duke Industries
If I kept you away from the banker today
Did you get all of that, Mr. Gates?
I'm recording everything Miss Lewis
Oh, every word Miss Lewis
Are you ready to play a game Brian?
This is crazy here
We're really sure we can do this
All these big companies here
It's crazy
Absolutely
The loot script is under new leadership
We can talk to the heiress herself
Exactly
We just need to make sure we make a good impression
on the new heiress
There's Ian Lewis now
You can introduce us, let's go
Yeah
Hello Ian Lewis
I'm Amber Smith
We spoke on the phone the other day
This has been Harrison
from Harrison Group
How do you do it?
Where the company has-
Yes I know who you are
And Smith you're the one who exposed Laura's little drama
Now look I'm not here for idle chat
Good evening ladies and gentlemen
Could I ask you all to be seated please?
Thank you
The moment you've all been waiting for
Tonight marks a new chapter
in the life of the Lewis Group
A night where the rightful heir takes their place
Would you please join me in welcoming
the heir to the Lewis Group
Miss Laura Lewis
Look everybody attention
Attention please
There's been a recent development
of some tragedy
I just got noticed in my phone call a couple of minutes ago
But Laura has been in a car accident
And tragically she hasn't made it
She has not survived
What? Laura Lewis is- is this dead?
It doesn't matter now she's gone
Miss Laura Lewis
Is this new?
A tragic turn of events Mr Yates
But rest assured the Lewis Group will continue
under my competent leadership
Hold on
Who said that I'm dead
Laura
I don't understand
What's happening?
Laura
But
Where are you?
My apologies for the delay everyone
There seems to be some
Misunderstand
Laura what are you doing here?
You gotta stop this if you upset the Lewis family anymore
We're all doomed
I'll save this once
Back off that lot
Thank you for coming everyone
As I'm sure you know
Tonight
I officially reclaim my title
As the CEO of Lewis Group
Perhaps
You could make some room for me
Cleane
Impossible
How are you still alive?
Well clearly I am alive and well
So why don't we get this started?
No
You're not the rightful heir
You gave that away when you married Ben Harris
Cleane is that seriously your ark best that you have
That I got married too quickly
Well you went off to Maplewood
Three years ago and married a stranger
And left me to work tirelessly keeping the company together
Retire
Enjoy your retirement
Lewis Group will be perfectly fine without you
No
That can only be one heir
And that's me
And the rightful heir has possession
Of this
You think a ring makes an heir
You're even more foolish than I could have ever imagined
Give that back to me
This
Yes
You think some shiny gold thing
Makes you the heir?
Give it back
True leadership
Is about earning the respect of those around you
Not some stupid ring
Oh I ring
Oh my god where is it?
I ring all the way
Now
Everyone if I could have your attention
I'll tell you
Let me show you how a true heir
earns a ring like that
I'm quite the spectacle Mr. Lewis
Security
Escort him out
And Ian
Don't fall over
It's all lies
Fakery
It's true of his years
Getting out of here
Now
I owe all of you an apology
For everything that's happened tonight
Turns out reclaiming my breath right
Didn't go as smoothly as I had hoped
Luckily these past few days I've had
Mr. Shepherd
By my side
And he has been
A great support
Lewis Group
Has a lot of exciting plans
For Maplewood
I'm proud to announce that
We have secured
A reliable partner
Shepherd Group
Laura hold on
This was never my idea
This was all Cathy and Embers fall
I don't want a divorce
What?
And what are you saying?
He came to me first
Classic Ben
Something goes wrong
And you start pointing the fingers
At all the women in your life
Just don't shut Harrison Group out
Just give me another chance
How could I shut you out?
I'm just a cleaner
Remember?
I'm just a useless housewife
I don't have that power
What are you talking about?
No, come on
No, please, no
Um, Mr. Shepherd
Yes, Mr. Lewis
I was wondering if
Maybe you wanted to grab dinner
Sometime
On me
Mr. Lewis
I would love to